WORK MADE FOR HIRE AND COPYRIGHT ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

	This Work Made For Hire and Copyright Assignment Agreement (“this Agreement”) is entered into upon termination of the employment of Stanislav Vladimirov on the 31st day of December, 2019 by and between On Computer Services, LLC, doing business as Unified Power, a Texas Limited Liability Company (“Unified”) and DandCode, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company (“Dandcode”).

	WHEREAS, Unified is hiring Dandcode to support with limited development certain customized software to address certain specific issues identified and described by Unified on an as needed basis. Unified shall compensate Dandcode for this work at agreed rates;

WHEREAS, Unified may also collaborate with Dandcode on other issues and projects that will be documented in writing on a specific case-by-case basis acknowledged by both Unified and Dandcode. Such written documentation of projects that are NOT subject to the terms of this Agreement shall include the ownership rights to any and all results of such projects. In the event that there is not written documentation for any project performed by Dandcode for Unified then the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply; and,

	WHEREAS, Unified and Dandcode wish to identify and define the ownership of the software and other solutions that may be written/coded/developed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

	NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby expressly acknowledged, Unified and Dandcode hereby covenant, contract and agree as follows:

1.	Title and Copyright Assignment

A. Unified and Dandcode intend this to be a contract for services and each considers the products and results of the services to be rendered and provided by Dandcode, hereinafter “the Work”, to be work made for hire. Dandcode acknowledges and agrees that the Work, and all rights thereto including, but not limited to, copyright, belong to and shall be the sole and exclusive property of Unified.

B.	If for any reason the Work or any part thereof would not be considered a work made for hire under applicable law, Dandcode does hereby sell, assign and transfer to Unified, its successors and assigns, the entire right, title and interest in and to the copyright in the Work and any registrations and copyright applications relating thereto and any renewals and extensions thereof, and in and to all works based upon, derived from, or incorporating the Work, and in and to all income, royalties, damages, claims and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, and in and to all causes of action, either at law or in equity for past, present or future infringement based on the copyrights, and in and to all rights corresponding to the foregoing throughout the world.

C.	If the Work is one to which the provisions of 17 U.S.C. 106A apply, Dandcode hereby waives and appoints Unified to assert on Dandcode’s behalf its moral rights of any equivalent rights regarding the form or extent of an alteration to the Work (including, without limitation, removal of destruction) or the making of any derivative works based on the Work, including, without limitation, photographs, drawings or other visual reproductions of the Work, in any medium for Unified purposes.

D.	Dandcode agrees to execute and sign all documents and paperwork and to perform such other proper acts as Unified may deem necessary to secure for Unified or its designee the rights herein assigned.

2.	Delivery of the Work

Dandcode will deliver to Unified the completed Work following the delivery schedule and other relevant requirements outlined in Attachment A- Delivery and Payment Schedule of the Work in form and content satisfactory to Unified.

3.	Copyrighted Material

The Work will contain no material from other copyrighted, patented or otherwise legally protected works without the written consent of the owner of such protected works. Dandcode will obtain such consents at its own expense after consultation with Unified and will file them with Unified at the time the Work is delivered. Any obligations associated with permissions will be the sole responsibility of Dandcode.

4.	Warranty

Dandcode represents and warrants that it will create the Work and that the Work does not infringe any copyright, violate any property rights, or contain any unlawful content. Dandcode will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Unified and its licensee’s and assign’s against all claims, suits, costs, damages and expenses that Unified and/or its licensee’s and assign’s may sustain by reason of any material contained in the Work or alleged to be contained in the Work or any infringement of violation by the Work of any copyright of other property right; and until such claim or suit has been settled, withdrawn or otherwise dismissed, Unified may withhold any sums due to Dandcode under the terms of this Agreement.

5.	Consideration

In consideration for delivery of the Work in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Unified shall pay Dandcode in accordance with Attachment A- Delivery and Payment Schedule of the Work.

6.	Term and Termination

This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect for five years unless terminated earlier in accordance with this section. In the event that either party shall be in default of its material obligations under this Agreement and shall fail to remedy such default within ninety (90) days following receipt of written notice thereof, this Agreement shall terminate upon expiration of said ninety (90) day cure period. Notice of early termination must be provided by the terminating party ninety (90) days prior to the date of termination.

7.	Contracts with Third-Parties

Unified shall have the right to license, assign or otherwise grant rights, options or other limited use of the Work to Third-Parties and shall have the right to any income resulting from all such actions.

8.	Amendment

This Agreement contains the entire agreement between Unified and Dandcode concerning the Work and any amendments to this Agreement shall not be valid unless made in writing and signed by both parties.

9.	Construction

This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Texas and shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective licensees, successors and assigns and references to Unified and/or Dandcode shall include their respective licensees, successors or assigns.

10.	 Miscellaneous

10.1	Assignment. The ownership of the Work may be assigned by Unified without the consent of Dandcode in accordance with Section 7 of this Agreement. Neither party may assign any other rights or duties arising under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party.

10.2	Representations and Warranties by Dandcode Dandcode is a Delaware Limited Liability Company and warrants and represents that it is duly organized, validly existing and is in good standing under the laws of the State of Texas and is duly authorized and in good standing to conduct business in the State of Texas, that it has all necessary power amd has received all necessary approvals to execute and deliver this Agreement, and the individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Dandcode has been duly authorized to act for and bind Dandcode.

10.3	Tax Certificates. Dandcode certifies that it is not currently delinquent in the payment of any taxes due under Chapter 171 of the Texas Tax Code and will remain current on all such taxes during the term of this Agreement.

10.4	Entire Agreement/Modifications. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, between Unified and Dandcode and will constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement and each of its provisions shall be binding upon the parties and may not be waived, modified, amended or altered except by a written agreement signed by both Unified and Dandcode.

10.5	Venue/Governing Law. This Agreement and all of the rights and obligations of the parties hereto and all the terms and conditions hereof will be construed, interpreted and applied in accordance with and governed and enforced under the laws of the State of Texas. Venue for any dispute arising in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, under this Agreement shall be mandatory in Dallas County, Texas.

10.6	Waiver. No delay or omission in exercising any right accruing upon default in performance of this Agreement will impair any right or be construed to be a waiver of any right. A waiver of any default under this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of any subsequent default under this Agreement.

SIGNED this 6th day of September, 2019 AND ENTERED upon termination of the employment of Stanislav Vladimirov on the 31st day of December, 2019.

ON COMPUTER SERVICES, LLC, d/b/a/ UNIFIED POWER,
a Texas Limited Liability Company




__________________________________
Mr. Chris Roach, President CEO

Dandcode LLC,
a Delaware, Limited Liability Company




__________________________________
Mr. Stanislav Vladimirov, President/CEO


ATTACHMENT A- DELIVERY AND PAYMENT SCHEDULE


1.	“The Work” described above will include: Support of Site View and all associated tool and integrations in addition to the Customer Portal, Geotab integration, support of additional existing APIs are to be included. Dandcode may leverage Unified staff in order to assist in delivering this quality of support. Requested revisions or development beyond remediation are to be limited to the maximum hours below. Unified may wish from time-to-time to purchase certain software, systems or solution improvements on a by-project basis. For these projects, Unified and Dandcode will mutually define scope and Dandcode will provide a firm-fixed proposal for the cost of scope delivery. All work continues to be governed by the terms of this agreement. Unified will retain administrator access to all accounts relevant to the operation of these systems and their use will be limited to that of the Work for Unified.

2.	Response time and Uptime expectations: Dandcode is to provide an 8 hour maximum response time to acknowledge receipt of an issue and indicate the action being taken to remediate. System uptime for all that the Work entails is expected to be comparable to that experienced during the 2019 calendar year.

3.	Hourly rate for Dandcode is:	 $100 per hour

4.	Minimum weekly hours: 	5 hours

5.	Maximum weekly hours: 	10 hours

6.	Payment terms: Payment terms for all work shall be 30 days after receipt of Dandcode monthly invoice. This is to include detailed tracking of hours worked using a coding time tracker and recording of time spent in support via communication methods and other non-coding activity.




